It's a safe space, So anything
you'd like to say,
don't want to say
It's your time, So.
Hey Richard.
Okay, we want to just go around
and say something about our week
Yeah, Sure.
Great.
I'm Scott. I'm an alcoholic.
Hey Scott.
Hey, I have a few years
under my belt
and my daughter told me
she's getting divorced.
So I've had a few drinks
and not feeling good about it,
but I'm back. So.
Thanks.
Hey, my name's Kyle I'm an
alcoholic.
Hey Kyle.
Working girlfriend got
the best of me.
So hit the bar and blacked out...
I'm back here.
(CLAPPING)
My name is Ron.
I'm an alcoholic
and probation officer said that
I had to be here,
get something signed off so
I can complete my probation.
That's why I'm here.
Richard?
Do you want to say anything
about your week?
Well uhh...
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I'm sorry.
♪♪♪♪
(CAR PULLING UP TO THE HOUSE)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Stop it Richard, Stop it.
Breath.
That's it.
(CAR DOOR OPENING)
(CAR DOOR SHUTS)
(WALKING UP TO THE HOUSE)
(DOOR OPENING)
(DOOR SHUTS)
(FOOT STEPS)
♪♪♪♪
(FIGURINE DROPS)
Haley?
(SILENCE)
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
♪♪♪
(CLIMATIC MUSIC)
(GRABBING NOTEBOOK)
(WRITING)
♪♪
Yep.
Okay.
♪♪
I'll call you back.
(HANGING UP THE PHONE)
(DOOR OPENING)
(TAKING PILLS)
♪♪♪
(DOOR SHUTS)
♪♪♪♪
(STEERING COFFEE)
(DOOR OPENING)
(DOOR SHUTS)
Hey.
Is that for me?
Well I was going to bring
it to the pool,
but I didn't want to
risk spilling it.
You remember last time?
Well, at least I get to drink
it this time.
I had that dream again.
Again?
Yeah.
well, it's probably nothing.
I gotta go get changed.
(FROM TV)
He killed them all.
Are you Sure?
(FROM TV)
Yes I'm Sure.
Tex wrote the word dyle
(FROM TV)
before he died.
He's the murderer I tell you.
(FROM TV) Now wait a minute,
just a minute Mrs. Lampert but...
(FROM TV) You better
give that to me again.
Honey, have you seen my script?
I thought your callback wasn't
until Tuesday?
Yeah, it wasn't.
But they called me this morning
and they changed the date.
Must have left it in the
dining room.
Was it the same one you audition
for last week?
Yeah, horror!
(RUNNING HIGH HEELS)
Found it.
(GRABBING PAPERS)
What, no kiss?
(KISS SOUND)
Got to go hun.
(RUNNING AWAY HIGH HEELS)
(DOOR SHUTS)
♪♪♪♪
Her skin was delegate, perfect.
A virgin olive within which
a dark pit hit thoughts which
he could never know.
In her eyes live secrets that
would never escape her lips.
She was Fire and Ice.
Her smile warm enough to stroke
the embers of his heart.
Her absence a cold reminder of
what he would never truly have.
She was the love of his life.
♪♪♪
He said you told him to come by
to celebrate my birthday.
He even brought a gift
as a surprise,
but I just invited him in
and we were having a
couple of drinks
Until I opened the gift.
He said he's been in love with
me for a long time.
What!?
I don't know, I told him
I wasn't interested,
but he wouldn't take no
for an answer.
So he pushed me onto
the kitchen counter
and he forced himself on to me
and I just couldn't get him off.
I was screaming, but he was
smothering me.
Where is he now?
He's, he's in the kitchen.
(FEMALE GASPING)
♪♪♪♪
(CAR DRIVING SOUND)
♪♪♪
Hello?
Did you?
I miss you too.
I'm on my way home,
I'll talk to you later.
(HANGING UP THE PHONE)
(DOOR OPENING)
(DOOR SHUTS)
Hey.
I picked up some food on
the way home.
(HIGH HEEL FOOTSTEPS)
Honey?
What would you think about
going away?
Away?
Yeah, we could rent a
beach cottage
for a couple of weeks.
Maybe go to a Resort.
What about your novel?
What about my novel?
Well you said you wanted to
finish it here
and besides if I book the part
I'm going to have to stay here
for a while.
Oh, so you're saying you never
want to go away?
That's not what I'm saying
Richard.
It's just that now is
not the time.
And when is the time?
I just want to book a really
big part first
and then we can talk about
going somewhere.
(HIGH HEELS WALKING AWAY)
(POURING FOOD ON PLATE)
(GRABBING PHONE BOOK)
(TYPING A TEXT MESSAGE)
(RECEIVING A TEXT MESSAGE)
(DELETING THE MESSAGE)
♪♪♪♪
He had given her everything
he had,
but no amount of sacrifice
could fill the emptiness that
consumed the house.
It was a thick fog that dampened
everything it touched.
On the outside,
their house seemed perfect,
but it would never be a home.
♪♪♪♪
Richard I'm going to jail.
No you're not.
I'm not going to let that
happen.
Shh... Shh... Shh...
Oh my god!
Okay it was self-defense,
he's gone now.
No, no you don't understand.
After his skull cracked,
(GASPING)
I kept hitting him and
hitting him again
and again with the figurine.
Oh my god.
It's okay.
Shh... Shh... Shh...
How did he know It was
my birthday Richard?
I don't undrestant what
he was doing here.
How did he know It was
my birthday Richard?
I don't understand!
No I don't know!
I DON'T KNOW!
(INDISTINGUISHABLE DIALOGUE)
Are you okay Richard?
Let me grab your pills.
♪♪♪
(RUNNING AWAY)
(WALKING FOOTSTEPS)
(BREATTHING HEAVILY)
Here.
(CRYING)
We'll bury the body.
What?! Richard why.
Well you have any better ideas?
Richard No!
Honey listen to me.
He doesn't have a family.
He doesn't even have a car okay?
We're going to bury the body
because it's our best option.
What are you talking about?
Has anyone seen you with
him tonight?
I don't know Richard.
Honey It's either a yes or a no.
Has anyone seen you with him?
No.
Okay, Alright, I want you
to go upstairs.
I want you to get cleaned up
Okay?
I'm going to fix this up.
(SILENCE)
♪♪♪
(CITY SOUNDS)
(POURING COFFEE)
♪♪♪
(DOOR BELL RINGS)
(OPENING DOOR)
Matt Saunders. Good to
see you again.
How is it going Richard?
Going great, come on in.
Thanks.
(DOOR KNOCKS)
Come in.
Still writing those novels?
Actually, I just started
a new book.
We have a lady here to see you.
Does she have an appointment?
No.
She says she's Richard's wife.
♪♪♪
Okay. Tell her to come in.
Hey, what happened to your
liquor cabinet?
A what?
Didn't you have a liquor
cabinet here before?
Oh, yeah, we took it down
Haley didn't like you drinking.
It wasn't Haley.
It was me.
(SETTING GLASS ON TABLE)
Well in case you're wondering
I joined an AA group
three years ago.
I wasn't going to say
anything but...
you're looking a little rough.
How about I come back and
get you in shape?
How's life treating you?
Been better.
Personal training has taken
a dive and...
Single and broke.
You playing alone?
No.
Richard are you okay?
No, I'm not Matt.
Haley!
What an unexpected surprise.
I know. I'm sorry.
I just really needed to see you.
What's going on?
Well, besides the fact that my
new bookis messing with my head.
It's this house.
The house?
You know, I originally.,
I bought this place...
to inspire my writing.
See... It turns out that there
was a young couple
that used to live here before
Haley and I.
Apparently the husband came
home one night
and found his wife in bed
with another man.
[DISTURBING SOUNDS]
In full rage he killed them both
with a butcher knife.
(SQUIRING SOUND)
Later on the police found him
in the bathtub
holding a toaster.
(WATER SOUNDS)
Jesus Christ!
Does Haley know about this?
It's Richard.
Look, Nick... can we keep this
just between us?
Of course.
What's going on Richard?
Why uhh... why
If you don't want
personal training
why did you bring me here?
You may not know this but...
My marriage to Haley is
on the Rocks.
We've been married...
five years and...
The relationship is just...
Cold.
Cold, how?
Well for starters, I'm
convinced.
She's no longer in love with me.
Something's happening to Richard
and it's scaring me.
He's becoming more and
more paranoid
and he's getting these
obsessions
and I don't know
you've known him longer
than I have.
Is there something I'm
supposed to do?
(SILENCE)
I'm sorry to break it to you
Haley,
but that's just the way
writers are.
Imagination...
powerful thing
I'm not against the idea of her
having a career
as an actress or whatever.
It's just that it's been
non-stop with
auditions and rehearsals
with actors, writers, directors.
and I never know where she's at.
So you think she's
cheating on you?
Don't get me wrong.
I love Richard with all
of my heart
but not if things don't
get better.
I mean, I feel like I've been
really supportive.
Of everything that he's
put me through
his drinking problems,
his obsessions with the house.
I want to make you an offer.
♪♪♪
An offer?
To put it more simply,
I know you need money
and I have it.
Okay, what kind of offer are
we talking about?
Has he been drinking again?
No.
Well then things have
gotten better.
Well how does $15,000 sound?
$15,000 sounds fucking awesome.
What for?
I can't prove right now
whether or not
Haley is sleeping with
another man.
but I can prove whether or not
she can be tempted to do so.
We both know Richard has
his demons,
but I've known that man
for 20 years
he always gets back on his feet.
Trust me.
♪♪♪
You want to pay me $15,000
to seduce your wife?
Are you kidding?
Don't tell me you've never
seduced a woman before.
Yeah, I've seduced a woman
just not for money.
Now listen, if you're interested
here's my plan.
I want to start off by
calling the house
Tuesday night around
seven o'clock
I'll know it's you
and I'm going to let Hayley
answer the phone.
Okay, and what do I say?
Start by telling her that
you remember her
She's got a birthday coming up
and then just ask to
speak with me.
Haley I don't know
what to tell you.
These are just the Ebbs and
flows of marriage.
You know.
The important detail is.
Do you still really love him?
Sometimes It's not that
simple Nick.
Love isn't enough.
(SILENCE)
Then you need to pass by
Saturday night
and make sure you bring
a birthday gift.
We she comes to the door
Just tell her you
messed up on the
date for the training session.
I'm going to be at my AA meeting
until about 10 o'clock.
You just wantme to roll up
to your house
with some random gift and
just ask her hey...
Do you have a lover?
Get her to open up about
her marriage.
And what if she doesn't?
Seduce her.
♪♪♪♪
You know what?
I'm sorry, I've taken up
too much of your time.
I should go.
Alright. Well, I hope it
all works out.
(WALKING AWAY FOOTSTEPS)
(DOOR SHUTS)
♪♪♪
(BREATH EXHALE)
Well...
This is nuts um...
♪♪♪♪
(TAPPING ON CHESS BOARD)
♪♪♪
I'll do it.
(SILENCE)
(DIGGING SOUND)
(DIGGING GROUND WITH SHOVEL)
♪♪♪♪
(CRYING)
(SCRUBBING KITCHEN FLOOR)
(DOOR OPENS)
(FOOTSTEPS)
(DOOR SHUTS)
Your clothes.
It's nothing.
Are you okay?
No, no I don't feel good.
♪♪♪
Richard.
(SILENCE)
(FOOTSTEPS)
(OPENING DOOR)
♪♪♪
Hey.
♪
So...
look I know this looks
really bad.
♪♪♪
But why didn't you say that
you saved this?
Of course I saved it Richard.
I always keep that with me.
♪♪♪♪
I really need to get ready.
♪♪♪
(DOOR OPENING)
(DOOR SHUT)
(FOOTSTEPS)
(RUNNING UP THE STAIRS)
(OPENING CAR DOOR)
(SUTTING CAR DOOR)
(ENGINE START)
(DRIVING AWAY)
♪♪♪
(CAR PULLING UP)
(DOOR OPENING)
Sorry I'm late.
That's alright, have a
seat Richard.
(PUTTING PAPERS ON TABLE)
(SLAM TABLE)
I'm afraid I have some bad
news for you.
Publishers sent a list of books
that are going to be re-released
next year
take into account the
lack of titles.
Your books aren't on it.
I'm sorry Richard.
No, I get it.
You're an amazing author.
But you haven't given me
anything viable in the last...
four years.
Actually that's what I came to
talk to you about.
I've got something.
Well, let's see it.
(SLIDES PAPER)
I've only written the
synopsis so far.
♪♪♪
(LAUGHTER)
I'm thinking of calling it
"The Perception".
This is different.
I was hoping you were going
to say that.
Intriving!
(FOOTSTEPS)
This sounds familiar.
What do you mean?
Did you draw inspiration
from anything?
Are you trying to imply
something?
Lookwait, I don't mean
to pry but...
(HITS THE DESK)
Is everything allright?
Yeah, everything's fine.
(LIFTING UP PAPERS)
This story sounds promising.
Oh thank you.
It's been quite a journey.
How does it end?
Well...
Actually I'm not sure yet.
I'm waiting for things
to unfold.
♪♪♪♪
(ECHOED FEMALE VOICE)
Richard!
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
Wake up, Richard.
Richard wake up.
Wake up!
Richard! Richard!
♪♪♪
(DRAGGING BODY DOWN STAIRS)
(STRUGGLING)
(CRYING)
♪♪♪
(SILENCE)
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(MALE FOOTSTEPS)
I made you a special dinner.
Well what's the special
occasion?
I got the part.
Get over here
Haley, Congratulations honey.
(KISS SOUND)
What?
(GIGGLES)
You look more sophisticated like
that with your hair back.
Don't I always look
Sophisticated?
You wish.
Finish your dinner.
(SOUND OF DISHES)
♪♪♪
(FEMALE FOOTSTEPS)
What's my husband up to?
Husband?
What?
It's been a long time since you
called me that.
Well, you are, aren't you?
Well...
It's been quite an amazing day.
Do you want to make it
more amazing?
(PHONE RINGING)
♪♪♪
Almost gave up on you.
But you didn't.
♪♪♪
Remember when we first met?
You were so romantic on
our first date.
♪♪♪
I want to be that guy again.
I miss him.
♪♪♪♪
(SILENCE)
♪♪♪
(TAP WATER RUNNING)
Hey.
What happened?
You passed out.
♪♪♪♪
What about the body?
I buried it.
By yourself?
I didn't have a choice.
It was just lying there and you
wouldn't wake up.
You should have woke me up.
You passed out and I was
really stressed out
and I just wanted to get it
over and done with.
(WALKING DOWN STAIRS)
(SCRUBBING)
♪♪♪
(CITY SOUNDS)
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
It's Richard.
Hey.
I called at seven like you
asked and no one answered.
Listen, I got to call the whole
thing off.
What?!
I think my marriage had
a turning point
and I'm starting to
believe that...
You can't call it off.
Matt as I was saying.
I think my marriage...
I don't care what
you're thinking
deal is a deal.
And I'm telling you
the deal is off.
No, no, no...
Richard you can't do this to me.
I need that money.
Matt...
$15,000 is nothing to you.
You know what,
I'm hanging up.
no, wait, wait, wait...
Okay fine., We can call the
whole deal off
but you at least need to pay
me for the other day.
The other day?
Matt you came over for a chat.
That's not worth any money.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Listen you're fucking with
the wrong person.
Look I will take everything
from you.
Alright? Fucking everything.
♪♪♪
(OCEAN SOUNDS)
After braving a seemingly
endless and unforgiving winter.
A single Ray of sunlight
pierce the clouds
as it begin to thaw the ice
between them.
What relief, she was there.
A blazing Beacon daring him to
hope once more.
(OCEAN SOUNDS)
(FROM TV)
No Matter How guilty she was.
(FROM TV) Two accidental
deaths in 12 hours.
(FROM TV)
I don't believe it.
Alright.
Guess what.
What?
The director got a new writer
who changed all the lines.
So I'm going to have to forget
all the lines I already learned.
It's no big deal, is it?
I guess not.
Have'nt you got an
AA meeting tonight?
I was thinking of not going.
Why not?
I don't know, I just...
People show up and
all they do is
whine for the whole
session and...
It's just... It's depressing.
Richard, you know you need to go
and besides I have all these
new lines I have to learn.
So I could do with some
peace and quiet.
Quiet?
Richard.
Alright, I'll go.
(FROM TV)
Murder.
(THUNDERS)
(WALKING FOOTSTEPS)
(CRACKING SOUND)
♪♪♪
(MAKING A PHONE CALL)
(SHOWER SOUNDS)
(CELLPHONE VIBRATING)
(PHONE RINGING)
(SHOWER SOUNDS)
Come on!
(REDIAL)
(SHOWER SOUNDS)
(HANGING UP)
(OPENING CAR DOOR)
(CAR DOOR SHUTS)
(SHOWER SOUNDS)
(POLICE SIRENS)
♪♪♪
(CAR PARKING)
You want to pay me $ 15,000
to seduce your wife?
Are you kidding?
Start by telling her that you
remember her
she's got a birthday coming up
and just ask to speak with me.
Richard you can't do this to me,
I need that money.
To seduce your wife?
(ECHOED VOICES)
Then you need to pass by
Saturday night.
And make sure you bring
a birthday gift.
It's a safe space so Anything
you like to say,
It's your time.
Please.
I'm Scott, an alcoholic.
Hey Scott.
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
I have a few years...
I'll tell Haley,
I'll tell her you invited me
to the house
and offered me $15,000
that you're trying to get me
to seduce her.
you're trying to set her up.
I'm an alcoholic.
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
Fuck you man, fuck you.
I will take everything from you,
you understand me?
Everything from you.
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
Richard?
Do you want to say anything
about your week?
♪♪♪
Well uhh...
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
I'm sorry.
♪♪♪
(DOOR BELL RINGS)
(OPENING CAR DOOR)
(CAR DOOR SHUTS)
♪♪♪
(CAR PULLS UP TO THE HOUSE)
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
(CAR DOOR SHUTS)
♪♪♪
(FOOTSTEPS)
(FIGURINE DROPS)
♪♪
(SILENCE)
♪♪♪
(THROWS FIGURINE IN GARBAGE)
♪♪
(OPENING DOOR)
(LIGHT SWITCH TURNS ON)
(OPENING CABINETS)
(POURING GASOLINE)
(LIGHTING FIRE)
(FIRE BURNING)
♪♪♪
(CLOTHES BURNING)
♪♪
(FIRE BURNING)
(SHOWER HEAD RUNNING)
(SHOWER SOUNDS)
(SILENCE)
Are you coming to bed?
Yeah, soon.
Richard...
I don't want to be alone
right now.
It's going to be okay hun,
we're going to be fine.
(SILENCE)
♪♪♪
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
(SCREAMING)
(SLICING SOUND)
(STABBING SOUNDS)
(SILENCE)
Haley?
♪♪♪
(DIALING)
(PHONE RINGING)
Hey.
Where are you?
I'm on set.
How can you be at work at a
time like this?
I had to leave the house.
We need to act like
nothing's happened.
What do you expect me to do?
Haley.
Do you remember that gift that
Matt brought you?
What about it?
I got rid of it last night.
Now it's sitting on the
kitchen counter.
Are you sure?
Are you sure you threw it away?
Yes, I'm sure.
Stop acting crazy.
Just get rid of it.
And I don't want to ever talk
about this again.
We need to move on.
Look I've got to go, okay, bye.
Haley?
♪♪♪
(HIGHWAY SOUNDS)
(CAR DOOR OPENING)
(WALKING FOOTSTEPS)
Yes, yes I've already got
a table for six.
I know, I know I'm on the way.
Okay, babe I'll...
I'll umm...
I'll call you back.
Richard.
What are you doing here?
Listen.
Something really bad
happened Okay.
What's going on?
I really screwed up this time,
okay,
and I don't know what to do,
I mean there's no one
to talk to
and I'm fucking losing my mind.
Richard have you been
drinking again?
No!
You say you haven't been
drinking
but it sounds like you have
buddy.
No no it has nothing to do
with that.
(PHONE RINGING)
You know what?
Just... just forget about it.
Okay Richard you're starting
to scare me buddy.
Damn it talk to me.
♪♪♪
(TAKING PILLS)
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
(SILENCE)
(FROM TV)
Around on the beach.
He seemed quite abnormal.
(FROM TV)
I know where he is.
You stay here on this pay phone.
(PHONE RINGING)
(FROM TV) You're saying
the general was behaving
Hello?
(FROM TV)
very strange lately.
Hello?
(FROM TV)
out of his mind.
(DOOR OPENING)
Who is this?
(DOOR SHUTS)
(FOOTSTEPS)
Did you call?
What?
Just now, did you call?
No.
Well someone did.
Why is the door open?
I don't know.
I didn't open it.
♪♪♪
Richard.
You're letting the cold in.
(CLOSING DOOR)
(LOCKING DOOR)
Haley, about that figurine.
Are you sure you didn't see
it this morning?
Not this again.
No, just hold on a second.
Okay I don't want to talk about
this figurine anymore.
Why are you being so
nonchalant about it?
I'm not being nonchalant
about it Richard.
I'm just tired and stressed.
Oh, so you make yourself
a drink.
Yeah. I'm making myself a drink
because I don't have a
drinking problem.
I haven't been drinking.
(SILENCE)
Okay.
I'm going to go get changed.
(WALKING AWAY)
(HIGHWAY SOUNDS)
♪♪♪
(CAR PULLING UP)
(OPENING CAR DOOR)
(CAR DOOR SHUTS)
♪♪♪
Hello?
Jesus.
Been a while.
Sorry to see you again.
Take a fifth of Stoli.
You in trouble again Richard?
You look scared to me, but why?
Look I don't think this is
the....
You... don't... think.
(LAUGHTER)
We'll how often do you
normally think
and how different is it now?
You don't need vodka.
You look lost to me already.
You don't know me.
You're just like most people
believing what you see.
We all do.
♪♪♪
$19.50.
(CASH REGISTER OPENS)
What did you see?
♪♪♪
Whatever you think it is,
it isn't.
It's all the matter of
perception.
(DOOR OPENS)
(CARS DRIVE BY)
(SILENCE)
♪♪♪
(INDISTINGUISHABLE SOUND)
If you have to be somewhere
by 8:30
you better get a move on.
(INDISTINGUISHABLE SOUND)
Haley?
(ENGLINE START)
(CAR PULLING AWAY)
(INDISTINGUISHABLE SOUND)
♪♪♪
(LOUD BANG)
(LOCKING DOOR)
(INDISTINGUISHABLE SOUND)
♪♪♪
(SILENCE)
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
♪♪♪
(DOOR SHUT)
(SILENCE)
Haley.
Did you come home earlier?
What are you talking about?
Yeah I did come home early.
No, but like after breakfast
just before noon.
No, why?
I saw someone in the house.
Really? where?
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
In the hallway.
Richard you were probably
dreaming.
No, I don't think this time
I was dreaming.
Then you were probably imagining
things Richard.
It's not that I don't care.
It's just that we really need to
get past this.
Oh...
And how do we move past
this when
there's a dead man buried in
our backyard?
Haley.
Haley?!
♪♪♪
I'm not saying it's your fault.
Because it's not.
We both know it was an accident.
What is it then?
What I'm trying to say is
There's something strange going
on in this house
and it's freaking me out.
You really need to stop
your writing.
This novel it's doing your head
in.
Okay but Haley.
(DOOR BELL RINGS)
♪♪♪
(OPENING DOOR)
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(DOOR SHUT)
Well, who is it?
Probably just some kids
messing around.
Kids messing around?
Haley.
We have been here five years and
I don't recall any kids messing
around on our property.
So what are you saying?
(SILENCE)
(TAKING PILLS)
(PHONE RINGING)
(SILENCE)
(FOOTSTEPS)
What? A friend?
Wardrobe.
Then I spoke to the director
afterwards.
Richard.
I have to go away... tomorrow.
What?
Yeah, they want to
shoot a teaser.
Would you stop being like this?
Fine.
I'm not going to stop you.
♪♪♪
(CITY SOUNDS)
(CAR SPEEDING UP)
(SPEEDING UP FASTER)
♪♪♪
No... No.
(CAR STOPPING)
(OPENING CAR DOOR)
What do you want?!
(CAR TAKES OFF)
♪♪♪
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(HAZARD LIGHTS FLASHING)
(SILENCE)
(LIGHT SWITCH ON)
Something didn't add up.
His mind was a scrapyard
littered with splintering images
and fragmenting moments.
Shattered by some unseen force
and deposited randomly
in the spaces
between each and every thought.
Yet deep inside there
was a voice
Challenging him to solve
the puzzle.
The center piece here.
A corner piece there.
As tit began to fit together
each uniquely shape clue.
One thing became certain.
He wasn't loosing
his mind at all.
He was finding it.
♪♪♪
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
Nick.
It's me,
Richard.
What time is it?
I know it's late but...
I got to talk to you
about something.
Oh man, can it wait
till morning?
Nick please? it's really
important.
Hold on.
Are you still there?
Yeah, I'm here.
What's going on Richard?
It's 4 a.m.
It's my book.
Jesus, that's what you woke me
for?
Your book?
I think I figured out
the ending.
Well congratulations,
that's great.
This isn't just about the book
Nick.
This was taken from my life.
What?
(SILENCE)
♪♪♪
(STOVE TURNS ON)
Honey, I hope that's the last
time you stay up so late.
I'm glad I did.
I had a breakthrough.
With my writing.
What does that mean?
It means that it's very
different from before.
Only much better,
I promise.
I can't wait to read it.
Oh you will.
♪♪♪
(ROLLING LUGGAGE)
Hey.
I'm off.
What time is it?
Just past eight.
Yeah.
I made you a jug of honey and
chamomile tea.
It should help you sleep better.
Thanks.
Bye.
(KISS SOUND)
(SILENCE)
(OPENING DOOR)
(DOOR SHUTS)
♪♪♪
(POURING A DRINK)
(INDISTINGUISHABLE SOUND)
♪♪♪
(LOCKING DOOR)
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
(WATER RUNNING)
♪♪♪
Please pick up.
Come on pick up.
(VOICE MAIL) The Person you have
called is not available right now
(VOICE MAIL)
Please try again later.
♪♪♪
It's not real.
This is not...
This is not real.
It's not real...
It's not real.
(TAKING PILLS)
(DOOR KNOB SOUNDS)
(BANGING ON THE DOOR)
What... What do you want from me?
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
(SILENCE)
(OPENING DOOR)
(DOOR SHUT)
Matt!
Is he dead?
I definitely heard something
but I can't be sure.
Want to go check it out?
Quit messing around.
You go check.
Fine.
(UNLOCKING DOOR)
♪♪♪
(WATER RUNNING)
You ready?
I'm ready.
(DIALING)
(PHONE CALL)
My husband he's not breathing.
I found him in the bathtub
with a toaster.
I think he electrocuted himself.
Please, I don't know what to do.
I'm so scared.
(POLICE SIRENS)
♪♪♪♪
(FOOTSTEPS)
You must be freezing.
You should have waited at home.
And be so far away from you?
So what did they say?
They believed you?
They said they're going to take
his body down to the morgue
and run some tests.
What kind of test?
I don't know but it'll be fine
all they're going to find is
Prozac and Valium.
Valium?
Yeah.
That's what I've been putting
into his drinks.
Let me grab your pills.
I can't wait to read it.
Oh you will.
Richard always had an
overactive imagination
killing you made it easy for him
to buy into the ghost stories
about the house.
Sneaky girl!
(GIGGLES)
What?
It's just like you said.
You make it sound so easy.
What do you say we go away?
I don't know, Richard seems to
be getting better.
Really?
That guy, is the most depressing
piece of shit I have ever met.
I need your help to find out if
Haley is cheating on me.
Shut the fuck up.
I'm going to raise the bar
and he's going to call the deal
off tomorrow.
You need to scare the
shit out of him.
I want to be that guy again.
I miss him.
Listen, I gotta call the
whole thing off.
I will take everything from you.
Alright, fucking everything.
Well it was well wasn't it?
Maybe for you.
All you had to do was pretend
to be dead.
Pretending to be dead is harder
than it looks.
(INDISTINGUISHABLE AUDIO)
♪♪♪
Excuse me matt.
But I believe I was the star
of the show.
Richard wake up!
Richard!
How long do we have?
I don't know about
Okay because there's no way
he's going to believe
that you dragged my ass
downstairs.
So we have to figure a way to
make it belivable.
What about the body?
I buried it.
(CLAPPING)
Well, once the executor
finalizes everything,
We'll have our beach house
in no time.
I like that.
I'll be right back.
♪♪♪
As he delicately tapped
the last piece
into the center of the puzzle,
their insidious plan slid
into focus.
He knew that his wife and
her lover
intended to rid themselves
of him.
To force him to the brink of
his own sanity
Leaving suicide as his
only option.
♪♪♪
Although their plan was
well-conceived,
the conspiring couple had
overlooked one critical detail...
The boundless imagination of
a writer.
He had spent more than a decade
exploring the darkest corners
of his own mind.
This isn't just about the book
Nick.
This was taken from my life.
My wife and her lover
they're trying to kill me or
drive me to kill myself.
It doesn't matter.
Richard?
Haley would never do that.
It's true. I piece it
all together.
Have you told anyone about this?
Human behavior had become his
livelihood
and he was a master in the art
of manipulation.
I can't wait to read it.
Oh you will.
A tool he employed to weave
intricate storylines
and shape unsolvable mysteries.
He had gathered enough
incriminating evidence to
put them away
for a very long time.
They had severely underestimated
his intellect.
And he took great satisfaction
in using it against them.
With limitless resources
at his disposal,
he was able to outsmart
the conspirators
without leaving a trace
of Suspicion.
He had injected himself with
a non-lethal dose of
Tetrodotoxin.
Which put him into a deep
state of paralysis
and slowed his heartbeat to
within inches of death.
♪♪♪
He knew the only way
to undeniably prove their guilt
was to give them exactly
what they wanted.
His suicide,
wrapped in a bow.
♪♪♪
When he finally awoke,
the nightmare had ended
And a new life awaited him.
♪♪♪
(DOOR OPENS)
I sold the house.
I heard where are you moving?
Somewhere North on the beach.
Congratulations.
I've also got some good news.
Check it out.
What? They changed the cover?
No look at the bottom.
New York Times bestseller?
Yeah, the Publishers really
push that true story angle.
I don't know what to say Nick.
You deserve it, after all
you've been through.
I don't think I could have
made it without your support.
And you've always been
there for me.
Thanks Nick.
Sure.
♪♪♪
One last thing.
How much of it is true?
(DOOR SHUTS)
♪♪♪
There was an acute sense of
relief
that came with this knowledge.
Like a blister being split open
The truth had seeped through
to the surface
and the wound could
finally breathe...
And even though the sting
of betrayal
had permanently marked him,
He could now sleep easy,
his mind at peace
Knowing that Justice had been
served.
♪♪♪
Perception is a peculiar thing.
What one can clearly discern
with the eyes
might be easily misinterpreted
by the heart.
We only see what we want to see.
As William Blake so eloquently
put it,
"If the doors of perception
were cleansed,
Everything would appear to
man as it is...
Infinite ".
And that's exactly what the
future held.
Each day,
A blank page...
ready and waiting to be written.
Subtitles by explosiveskull